README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
2021-06-16

### Project Title
Robert's bikeshare project

### Description
The project created a python file, that deals with bikeshare data from three different cities in the US: Chicago, New York City and Washington.
Starting the python code in the terminal leads to an interaction with the user, who can decide what data he wants to see, depending on city, month and weekday.
Depending on the input by the user, the code calculates and shows different statistics on bikesharing.   

### Files used
Bikeshare data for Chicago: chicago.csv
Bikeshare data for New York: new_york_city.csv
Bikeshare data for Washington: washington.csv
Python code: robert_bikeshare_project.py

### Credits
To present and share the project on GitHub, udacity's pdsnd repository was used:
https://github.com/udacity/pdsnd_github
The repository was forked to the RobertWagner035 account on GitHub.

Commit message:

Add detail to project description in README.md
The description in the README.md file was enhanced by explaining
the program feature, that the user can ask for raw data in the program.

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
2021-06-16

### Project Title
Robert's bikeshare project

### Description
The project created a python file, that deals with bikeshare data from three different cities in the US: Chicago, New York City and Washington.
Starting the python code in the terminal leads to an interaction with the user, who can first decide if he wants to see some raw data.
After checking the raw data, the user can ask the program to see statistical data, depending on city, month and weekday.
Depending on the input by the user, the code calculates and shows different statistics on bikesharing.   

### Files used
Bikeshare data for Chicago: chicago.csv
Bikeshare data for New York: new_york_city.csv
Bikeshare data for Washington: washington.csv
Python code: robert_bikeshare_project.py

### Credits
To present and share the project on GitHub, udacity's pdsnd repository was used:
https://github.com/udacity/pdsnd_github
The repository was forked to the RobertWagner035 account on GitHub.
